Dai, get up!
I think he must've
been paralyzed!
No, stop!
Popp: Dai!
Why did you hit him?!
Calm down. Just look.
[confused breath]
[confused grunt]
Dai: I... I...
I can move again!
Curse you!
How can this be?!
What did you just do to him?
That was Tingle. It cures
numbness and paralysis.
Maam: It's not an attack spell.
I'm here to help.
Your friends may have
interrupted us...
But they've merely
delayed the inevitable.
Dai!
Hey - what kind of
weapon is that, anyway?
I know.
Can you cast a Crack spell?
Sure!
My Ice-type spells are
unparalleled.
Nobody can beat-
Maam: Forget the
bragging! Load it!
Popp: Right!
Uh... How do I do that?
Maam: Press the button on the
top and then cast your spell.
Hurry!
All right...
Crackle!
Perish!
Maam: Now.
[frustrated roar]
[roaring]
Crocodine: The sun's rising?
[pained roar]
You're done.
[furious growl]
You dare scar my face?
What's more...
You have scarred my
very pride along with it!
You remember this, Dai.
I swear you'll pay for
this embarrassment I swear!
[confused breath]
Dai! Are you okay?
Dai: Popp, how could you
ditch me back there?
Popp: Whoa - wait!
I can explain!
Maam: So you really
did abandon him!
This is my Magic Bullet Gun.
It was a gift from
Master Avan.
You load spells
into the bullets,
then anyone can fire them.
Popp: Wait - so, it can shoot
attacks and healing spells?
Oh, so you're one of Master
Avan's students too, huh?
That explains your strength.
How do you feel?
Dai: Good as new. Thanks!
Your Midheal is better
than my Grampa's.
Hey, could I get one of
those healing spells, too?
Maam: Try some herbs.
Popp: Come on!
What's with the
difference in treatment?
It's the difference between
a Hero and a coward.
Popp: W-What?! Who are
you calling a coward?!
Brass: These clouds
bode ill tidings.
I hope nothing's happened
to Dai out there.
Zaboera: [chuckle]
[noticing grunt]
What's this?
I sense a terrible presence.
Zaboera: [giggling]
Zaboera: Well, you must
be Brass, the Lump Shaman.
The Dark Army?
It can't be.
Brass: This island
is still protected
by the Magic Circle
that Master Avan cast.
Even when Hadlar breached it,
he caused a huge tremor.
So how could anyone
get through so easily?
Zaboera: [chuckling]
Zaboera: With Mystic
Magic Power like mine,
it was mere child's play.
And who are you?
I am the legendary
Mystic Bishop Zaboera
Commander of one of the Dark
Lord's six glorious armies:
The Mystic Legion.
[trembling]
[excited chirping]
Gomechan!
-[joyous chirping]
-[laughing]
Mina: Maam! Are you okay?
Boy: Of course she is, silly.
Maam's so tough,
she's like a monster!
Maam: A monster?
Boy: I-I mean...
She's like a saint?
Maam: 'Atta boy.
[pleased squeak]
Elder: Maam, who are the boys?
They're nobody
suspicious, Elder.
These two are Heroes
fighting the Dark Army.
They are?
Hey, y'know,
come to think of it
Gomechan was the only one on the
island who never went crazy.
So your name's Gomechan.
I'm happy you
found your friends.
Well, that's something...
Maybe Gomechan has
some kind of power.
A power that blocks the Dark
Lord's influence on his mind.
I'm just glad we're reunited.
Thank you so much, Maam.
You're more than welcome.
Leira: Hi, Maam.
Hey Dai, Popp; this is
my mother, Leira.
Popp: H-Hello.
Oh, Mother,
these two travelers are
Master Avan's students as well.
Oh, Master Avan's?
Wait a second.
You know our Master too?
Maam: Of course she does.
Avan's known
my family for ages.
Mom and my late father fought
the Dark Lord by his side.
Both: What?!
It was a long time ago.
My husband was a great Warrior
and I was a young Priest.
Leira: Together,
we stood by Master Avan.
After the Dark Lord
was vanquished
and peace had been
restored to the land,
he even came to visit
our village, once.
And of course,
he stayed with us.
That was when he tutored Maam.
We were all so honored.
Leira: That must have been...
oh, four or five years ago, now.
Maam: Wow. It's already
been that long?
Leira: So tell me;
is Master Avan keeping well?
Huh?! Uh... He-
Yeah! He's fine!
Dai: And just
as lively as ever.
Popp: Dai...
Ah, I see. Well,
that's very good to hear.
Y'know, maybe you two should
stay with us after all.
Maam: I'd love to hear more
stories about Master Avan.
We couldn't intrude.
What a good idea.
Please, stay for a while.
We should actually get going.
C'mon. Stay with us!
That way I get to play
with Gomechan again.
I wanna play, too.
Me too!
This village welcomes
any student of Master Avan.
Maam: Most of
the men have gone off
to help protect Romos Castle.
So the rest of us
all work together
to defend the
village ourselves.
And you're the one
leading the charge, right?
Well, my father was a Warrior
and my mother's a Priest,
so I guess that makes
me a Warrior Priest.
Maam: Master Avan taught me
Healing and Support-type spells,
as well as some martial arts.
But no matter what I try,
I can't use attack spells.
So he gave you
the Magic Bullet Gun.
That's right. It was
at my graduation.
I'll never forget that
day as long as I live.
What's this?
Your graduation pendant:
An Insignia of Avan.
With this, anywhere you go,
you're an official
protector of justice.
[amazed breath]
And this is a present from me.
Why don't you see
what's inside?
I get a present?
[gasp]
What is this, Master?
Don't be afraid.
It is a great weapon that lets
you charge and fire magic...
Avan: A Magic Bullet Gun.
I made it based on
some of my research.
Maam: Master...
Huh?
I... I'm sorry, but I don't
want this scary thing.
I really just want to
be like my Mom and Dad,
and to help them protect
everyone in the village
from any trouble
that comes our way.
That's all, Master.
Avan: Maam, you truly
are a gentle soul.
But just know this;
there are times when
love and kindness
aren't enough to
protect people alone.
Avan: Just as strength
without justice is tyranny,
justice without
strength is powerless.
You understand?
Avan: Besides, this
weapon was not designed
only to boost your attack.
It can also be
used to save people
with Healing and
Support-type spells.
It's all in how you use it.
So don't worry.
Avan: Because there's no
doubt in my mind.
In your hands, this will never
become power without justice.
I guarantee it.
Just trust me.
I'll do my best.
Maam: He was a little silly,
but strong and kind.
A truly wonderful teacher.
Oh, man. I am really
missing him all of a sudden.
Popp [thought]: At first
I thought she was obnoxious,
but it doesn't seem
like that's true.
In fact, now that
I've gotten to know her,
Maam's actually, kinda...
[furious roar]
Crocodine: Pathetic...
Disciple of Avan or not,
I still let that child best me.
Leave me!
Zaboera: I see you're in
a bad mood, Crocodine.
Who has such nerve?!
Zaboera: [devious chuckle]
Zaboera: I suppose
I can't blame you.
Not after a few mere children
managed to scar you so.
Zaboera.
Zaboera: Good to see
you again, Beast King.
Do tell... How is it
you knew of my wound?
The Heyedra are watchers
of the battlefield,
and they all belong
to my Mystic Legion.
Zaboera: There is nothing
that I do not know.
And...
That's it? Have you
come to laugh at me?
When I learned of your plight,
I thought I'd
come and offer my aid.
Are you offering aid to me?
I am a fellow Legion
Commander, am I not?
All right. I should probably
go see the village elder.
What's wrong?
I just need to ask him
to load these bullets
with some attack spells.
Maam: The elder is
the best spell caster
out of everybody
in the village.
You stay. I would be
happy to do it for you.
Really? Thank you.
Popp: Sure thing.
Leave it to me.
Congratulations, Maam.
You should know, Popp hardly
does anything for anyone.
Hey! Back me up,
you little doofus!
[amused laugh]
Well, while you
take care of that,
I'll go and see
about dinner.
We can't tell her.
If she learns
Master Avan's gone...
I know.
But he really was
amazing, wasn't he?
There are so many people out
there who look up to him.
Popp: Yeah...
Well, I guess I
should fill these up.
Dai: You know what?
That's it. I gotta go.
Popp: Huh? Where?
Dai? Hey!
What's his problem?
Crocodine: Ridiculous!
You would have me
use such a dirty tactic?
Zaboera: There's no clean or
dirty in defeating an enemy.
Crocodine: Be quiet! I don't
need your gutless help.
I am going to fight
that brat fair and square,
and this time, I'll win.
Zaboera: Are you sure?
This boy Dai is not
to be underestimated.
And apparently, he even took off
the hands of Lord Hadlar.
[gasp]
Don't be so full of yourself.
And besides, if you
should happen to fail,
I expect you'll also lose
your seat in the Dark Army.
[amused chuckle]
Zaboera: Lord Hadlar may
be aware of Dai's power,
but what will the other four
Legion Commanders say? Huh?
"The Beast King Crocodine
turned out to be such a fool
that he couldn't even take
out one measly child."
How dare you.
Try using this,
not your ego.
It's for your own good.
Zaboera: I'm sure you
wouldn't want to lose
your current position,
now, would you?
Zaboera: What's inside
will defeat the boy.
Take it with you.
[devious chuckle]
[humming]
Dai: I have a favor to ask.
Wait, Dai?
Dai: Would you please
train me in magic, sir?
I can't be running around saying
that I'm no good at spells
while I'm fighting
the Dark Army.
I don't understand.
It is true that I'm the best
Mage in all of the village,
but I don't think
I'm good enough
to be teaching a
student of Master Avan.
Maam [thought]:
Magic training?
Dai: Well, that's the thing.
I was only trained by
Master Avan for three days.
What do you mean, young man?
Well, Elder.
You have to promise not
to let Maam or her mother
know about this, but...
Dai: Master...
Master Avan... is gone.
Elder: What?! How?
Dai: He was protecting
us from the Dark Army.
And that's why I
need to get stronger.
So I can avenge my Master!
Dai: I have to.
I'm a disciple of Avan.
Leira: You can use this room.
Dai: Great.
Popp: Thank you very much.
Maam shut herself in her room
as soon as she got home.
Leira: I wonder what's wrong.
Maam: I can't...
I can't believe...
He's gone...
Oh! Looking good, Dai!
There you go.
Now cast it forth.
Dai: Frizz!
[frustrated grunt]
Oh, come on!
Hang on!
Popp: What?!
Dai: I did it!
I didn't know you could
throw the Fireball!
Well done, young Hero!
Dai: I really did it!
I finally managed to do a spell,
and all on my own this time!
What on earth does he mean?
Popp: Well, sometimes
when he gets excited,
this mark lights up
on his forehead.
And when it does,
he gets really strong and casts
all these amazing spells.
But normally, he can't
use magic at all.
Crack!
[disappointed groans]
He's a pretty big
weirdo, isn't he?
Elder [thought]: A mark
on their forehead...
A crest?
I've heard of a class
of Ultimate Knights
with something similar;
ones who can use any spell
or fighting skill, but...
He couldn't be.
Dai: Frizz!
Oh, yeah!
I've forced some spells before,
but that was something else.
And personally I don't
think I'd call it success.
Now... It doesn't matter
how he hit his target.
He overcame weakness
with ingenuity.
He's quite a clever lad.
All right. Well,
I'd better stay sharp.
My turn, Dai!
Maam: Oh? You're
leaving tomorrow?
Dai: Yeah.
Maam: You said you were
going to Romos Castle.
What for?
We're gonna help
the king and his army.
We heard that they're
being threatened
by all kinds of monsters.
Maam: I see.
Hey, does Maam seem
kinda down to you?
Yeah, listen Dai.
I've been thinking.
Why don't we just
tell her the truth?
Huh? No, we can't!
Popp: She deserves to know, and
she might decide to join us.
But she can't.
Maam already has her duty
to protect this village.
Yeah, even so...
Dai: Oh, I see.
Huh? See what?
Come on. Just admit it.
You like Maam, don't you?
W-W-What are you
talking about? No!
And why should
I like her, anyway?
Dai: Liar. You think
I don't notice?
You're always staring at her.
Popp: I am not!
Forget it. I'm going to
sleep. Goodnight.
[chatter]
Mina: Bye-bye, Gomechan!
[chirping]
Elder: Good luck out there.
Yeah.
See you, Maam.
And thanks for everything.
I'm sorry. I really wanted
to go with you guys, but...
Oh, that's totally okay.
This time the elder gave us
a map of the Dark Forest.
Maam: Uh-huh.
Dai: Goodbye!
I promise to
come back sometime!
And I'll come along too!
Those two are good boys.
So young, yet they're
standing up to the Dark Army.
That's bravery.
What's wrong, Maam?
You're crying.
Maam [thought]: They're both
willing to risk their lives
to avenge Master Avan,
and I'm just...
I... I...
Leira: Maam,
go after them.
Maam: Mother?!
I know you want to help them,
so I won't stand in your way.
Leira: Go on. Don't worry
about us. We'll be just fine.
But, what if...
Yes, I know. Don't forget,
I once left this village, too.
After I saw your
father and Master Avan
both fighting even when
they were wounded, I had to.
Yes, yes. That's right, Leira.
Leira: You're my daughter,
so it must be in your blood.
But, I...
You heard her, Maam.
And don't you worry
about the village.
I still have plenty
of strength in me yet.
Yeah, that's right. Go ahead!
It's fine. We can
protect the village.
Make sure to take
good care of Gomechan!
Maam: Of course.
Thanks everyone!
Hold on, is it this way?
Dai: Or this way?
Oh, no. You're like
this even with a map?!
Maam: Hey, Dai! Popp!
Maam?!
[amazed chirping]
Huh?
Wait up you guys!
I'm coming with you!
[cheering]
Someone who can read a map!
[playful chuckle]
Hey, good for you, Popp.
What do you mean?!
I was just saying I thought
she'd be useful to have around!
Maam: All right, you two.
If you're both disciples
of Avan, then so am I,
and that makes me your senior.
So, if he's gone...
I'm going to carry on
his will and fight, too.
Maam?
So she knows. Did you...
You can tell me on the walk
to Romos Castle, 'kay?
Maam: And... it's this way!
Come on. Hurry.
I get the feeling she's
going to boss us around.
Relax. That means
she's reliable.
Dai: Come on, buddy.
[excited chirp]
Narrator: With the help
of their new companion Maam,
Dai and Popp reach
the Romos Kingdom.
But soon, a vengeful
Crocodine attacks,
and uses his Furfang Legion
to coax Dai into another bout.
Fighting to reclaim
his warrior's pride,
the Beast King strikes
like a furious titan,
and intends to hit Dai
right where it hurts.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai:
"Furfang Full Assault"